c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ProductLibrary.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ProductLibrary.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\obj\Debug\ProductLibrary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\obj\Debug\ProductLibrary.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\obj\Debug\ProductLibrary.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Configuration.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Embedded.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Database.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Jint.Raven.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\NetTopologySuite.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\GeoAPI.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Mono.Cecil.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\PowerCollections.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Storage.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Abstractions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Embedded.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Embedded.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Client.Lightweight.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Raven.Database.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Lucene.Net.Contrib.Spatial.NTS.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.CSharp.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Jint.Raven.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Esent.Interop.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\Spatial4n.Core.NTS.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ICSharpCode.NRefactory.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\AWSSDK.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\RavenDemo\ProductLibrary\bin\Debug\ProductLibrary.dll.config
